Mr homman your name is on this is this
correct yes I signed that memo so you
are the author of the family separation
policy I not the author of this memo
you're not the author but you signed the
memo yes a zero a zero tolerance memo so
you provided the official recommendation
to secretary neelon on family for the
United States to pursue family
separation I gave secretary neelson
numerous recommendations on how to
secure the border and save lives but it
says here that you you gave her numerous
options but the recommendation was
option three family separation what I'm
saying this is not the only paper where
we given the secretary numerous options
to secure the border and save lives and
so the recommendation of the many that
you recommended you recommended family
separation I recommended Zero Tolerance
which includes family separation the
same as is when every US citizen parent
gets ARR when they with a
child zero to an was interpreted as the
policy that separated children from
their if I get arrested for DUI and I
have a young child in the car I'm going
to be separated when I was a police
officer in New York and I arrested a
father for domestic violence I separated
that Mr with all due
respect legal ases are not charged with
any
crime when you're ENT the country
illegally is violation 8 United States
code 1325 seeking Asylum is legal if you
want to seek Asylum you go through the
Port of Entry do it the legal way
the Attorney General of the United
States has made that clear okay