1.2 million people are
undet free roaming about the country
they've gone before a judge a judge has
issued a final order of removal how many
ice agents do you need to deport them um
Congressman I think um what we need is
legislation to fix the broken
immigration system because we don't need
legislation to overcome a final order of
removal right look I get it you want
comprehensive immigration reform and a
big amnesty thing very unlikely that's
going to happen so we have to operate
under the laws that exist now so under
the laws that exist now a judge has told
1.2 million people that they have no
right to be here do you plan to remove
those 1.2 million people um uh
Congressman with the resources we have
and I would appreciate the opportunity
to answer your question fully with the
resources we have we have to allocate
those resources add how much money do
you of them how much money how many
agents to to to support the 1.2 million
who a judge has said has no right to be
here uh uh Congressman uh the qu there
are a number of questions that your
question raises with respect to whether
uh all of those individuals actually
have been given uh due process no no no
no they have these are the people who've
had the due process okay and here's the
point you have no plan to remove them
you don't know how many ice agents it
would take and you don't know how much
money it would take because you actually
don't want to remove them that's why you
issued the September 30th guidance that
says well you know if you haven't
committed a crime and you just came to
our country illegally we're not going to
remove you isn't that your position uh
no it isn't Congressman not at all well
then then then what is your plan to
remove the 1.2 million let me if if I
may as do you have one yes yes we do if
if I made Congressman as a former
prosecutor let me ask you a question if
one has a finite uh amount of resources
and one has a finite number of hours and
one has a choice of removing 20
shoplifters or three um uh fugitive
armed bank robbers how would you spend
your time I know how you've spent yours
I know how you've spent Yours by by
decreasing by 48% the number of
criminals you arrest by deporting 63%
fewer convicted criminals you have the
lowest deportation rate in the history
of the department right your data that
you site is misleading no it's your data
this is actually what your own agency is
reporting so do you think that it just
might be the case that one reason that
we will encounter the highest number of
illegal immigrations in our nation's
history this month and next month
because everybody knows that even if
they come here even if they go through
the removal procedures even if a judge
issues a final order you still think
there might be more due process and you
have no plan to remove them and then
when I ask you what the plan is you say
oh well resources I got to make finite
decisions I go back to my first first
question how many ice agents to remove
the 1.2 million um Congressman I'd be
pleased to provide you with a resourcing
uh data subsequent to this hearing if I
may and I think telling that you I I
think it's telling that you got plans
for pronouns and you got plans for
misinformation but when it comes to the
plan to remove the people that have had
due process you don't have one at all
now 800,000 people have encountered your
CBP agents and those folks have been
released into the country like some of
those people are going to commit crimes
aren't they uh Congressman um may I have
a moment to answer your questions will
some of the 800,000 commit crimes yes or
no um undoubtedly undoubtedly and so the
Americans who are the victims of the
crimes for the people that you release
in the country are collateral damage
that you are willing to accept in order
to have our border function as a Turn
Style and you're willing to accept that
collateral damage Congressman I couldn't
disagree with you more um Let me let me
give you if I can some data uh that will
actually more than the data how about
this how did it how did it feel to you
when you went to the border and the
border of Patrol agents turned their
back on you uh one uh border of Patrol
agent turned his back on me and I
addressed that as leader the leader of
the Department of Homeland Security so
if I can return to data because I want
to um make sure that you have accurate
information everyone knows that you have
more people coming in than ever and
you're removing fewer people than ever
and it's because you have no plan and
because it's on purpose see I don't buy
the theory that you don't know how to do
this I think you're actually a highly
competent dude but the reality is you
your plan is to bring these people in
and to send the message to the Smugglers
and the criminals that they will never
have to leave that's why your Workforce
turns their back on you and you have
tools that you could use to deport these
people you have facial recognition you
have flights going all over the country
dropping people off and I think we ought
to use the best tools in the country to
find these folks around them up like
they at the capital on January 6th and
Deport every last one of them I yield
back