foree
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so I don't know if you remember because
it feels like it was years ago but just
a few days ago president-elect Donald
Trump announced a new thing co-led by
Elon Musk called the department of
government
efficiency which is not an actual
governmental Department it's an outside
the government commission but if you had
to create like a new dep Department of
oh man what would it be I feel like
maybe like I really like people
speeding like now that I have kids I'm
always like shaking my fist you know
like slow down it's a
neighborhood like Department of like
getting those people off the streets I I
was also going to go with a traffic
related Department um it would be solely
devoted
to making sure that people don't camp
out in the left lane driving below the
speed limit so oh wow so you're the
you're the people that Liz wants to
Target in her Department you're top of
my list
[Laughter]
Aaron well welcome to the campaign
moment on this Friday November 15th I'm
La isad co-host of post reports and I'm
Aaron Blake senior politics reporter and
author of The Campaign moment newsletter
we're also joined this week by our post
Congress reporter colleague Liz Goodwin
hey Liz hello
[Music]
Liz I'm happy you're here because this
entire week we've just been inundated
with News about Donald Trump's cabinet
picks they include Pete hegseth a Fox
News weekend host as his nominee for
defense secretary there's former
democratic congresswoman tulsy Gabbert
of Hawaii as the Director of National
Intelligence and former Republican
Congressman Matt Gates of Florida for
Trump's attorney general so we dug to
Gates specifically on Thursday's episode
of post reports where we talked about
how Gates once faced a sex trafficking
investigation by the justice department
so this would be the same Department
he's now nominated to lead we also
talked about how Gates was the subject
of a house ethics report but that he
resigned from Congress before the report
was released so if you want more
background on Gates definitely go back
and check out Thursday's episode of post
reports yeah and Donald Trump on
Thursday continued announcing his
cabinet picks and another controversial
one in Robert F Kennedy Jr who listeners
will remember ran for president as a
Democrat then as an independent and
dropped out and endorsed Trump he's now
been nominated for the Secretary of
Health and Human Services he's notably a
vaccine skeptic who has espoused a
number of debunk claims including
linking vaccines to autism but we should
say that all of these nominations that
we've been talking about here have been
pretty controversial pick
that could test Republicans and their
willingness to confirm them and that
brings a lot of questions about just
what happens next which is why we wanted
to bring in Liz who specializes on the
Senate and has lots of insights that
we're eager to dig into yes the greatest
part about covering the Senate is you
get to just be there so you're just sort
of in the hallways and senators are
walking by like living their lives and
this week was just wild to have that
kind of up close view because you could
see them processing the picks in real
time and you could see like actual shock
so you know at the beginning of the week
there were a lot of picks that were
really reassuring more kind of
establishment Republican Senators like
Marco Rubio I mean they were thrilled
right like that's who was a Republican
senator from Florida exactly the
Republican senator from Florida picked
for secretary of state that was just
like a dream pick for Republicans who
are hoping that Trump is going to be
more stabilizing not destabilizing force
right that's someone they can vote to
confirm happily smile on their faces and
then basically everything changed on
Wednesday then things got a lot more
complicated for them yeah so let's talk
about some of those nominations it's not
just Democrats who've been upset or
concerned about these picks I think we
should talk about one of the more recent
ones that has really raised a lot of
eyebrows and that is Robert F Kennedy Jr
for Secretary of Health and Human
Services as Aaron mentioned
he's picked to lead the nation's Health
Systems Liz can you just remind us who
he
is yes so RFK Jor you know Scion of very
important American Family been sort of
floating around politics for a while a
lot of people were bringing up the fact
that he was floated as an obam pick back
in the day for EPA how things have
changed yeah yeah so he was like an
environmentalist and sort of popular on
the left and then kind of got into this
a little bit of a fringy vaccine
position where he's suggested that
vaccines cause autism there's no
evidence of that and then now he's sort
of coded right even though in a lot of
ways a lot of his positions are still
left he talks a lot about alternative
medicines so he's a bit of a fringe
figure essentially and he joined um
forces with Trump when he abandoned his
third- party Bid And I think people
thought he was going to get something in
the administration but they didn't think
he was going to be leading HHS
essentially yeah more recently RFK Jr
has talked about wanting to get rid of
fluoride in the nation's drinking Supply
it's in a lot of water system to help
reduce cavities um he also has talked
about Ultra processed foods and and has
all these other stances eron what do we
know about how Americans feel about some
of these stances or any of these views
popular I mean I I think when you're
talking about like preservatives in food
and even water fluoridation those are
kinds of things that you know could have
an audience I think when he first
started talking about water fluoridation
some people were like what's he talking
about but about onethird of Americans
live in areas that don't have water
fluoridation some states have and
localities have banned this process in
their areas because there is concerns
about people getting too much fluoride
which can be bad for you so I think it's
important to look at this and the
vaccine claims that are debunked which I
would encourage people to check out our
Piece At The Washington Post on 10
claims that Kennedy has made about
vaccines and other issues that have been
debunked but there are some other issues
that obviously have some appeal to swing
voters and aren't that far out there and
this is somebody who until he really got
on board with the vaccine antivaccine
movement was kind of a Democrat and good
standing so there will be lots of focus
on the many things he has said and and
lots of things for Republican Senators
to comb through I think one thing that
is really striking about this to me
is last year Ronda santis the Florida
governor was running for president and
he kind of seemed to float the idea that
Robert F Kennedy Jr would maybe have a
position in his administration you know
this was at a time when Kennedy was
running as a Democrat against Joe Biden
and Republicans kind of liked that
because they thought it would undermine
Biden and when Dan santis floated this
idea like there was a backlash against
this idea among Republicans like how
could you put this Democrat in charge of
things and fast forward a year plus
later and Donald Trump is nominating him
for HHS and a lot of trump allies are
celebrating it so that just shows how
things can change pretty quickly in
politics Liz how are Senate Republicans
reacting to this pick in particular so
this pick happened it wasn't announced
until they had all left after their
final vote so this was the one
convenient I know exactly this was like
the one he gave them some Grace on
because we weren't able to kind of
immediately say oh where are you on RFK
Jr but I think in general there is a a
feeling among Senate Republicans that
listen Trump won by a lot we need to
defer to him and I think they're willing
to vote for like people they really
wouldn't support if it was another even
another Republican president so that's
why it's harder to predict than usual
like usually I would say there's no way
RFK Jr gets confirmed but now I don't
know I I mean I think it's a it's a
little dicey for him that Susan Collins
and Lisa marowski who are both moderate
Republicans are on the committee that
has to First approve him and so those
are the people who I would I'd really
want to ask when they come back what do
they think of him that's fascinating
because there is another nomination who
is getting a lot of attention that's
Matt Gates he is a Florida Republican
Trump has nominated gates to be attorney
general he's been a huge Trump supporter
in Congress but there's actually some
blowback from Republicans on this pick
Liz can you explain that like why why is
this the one that that could be in
trouble yeah I feel like Gates is the
one that I should never predict anything
but he's the only one I feel confident
predicting is not going to get confirmed
by the Senate like a senate vote oh wow
well you heard it here first folks
exactly Liz making the prediction this
is this is just because he's just
someone who has caused so much turmoil
within the Republican conference so they
just have their own drama that is
completely separate from the sex
trafficking allegation which he has
denied we should say which he is denied
yes and the justice department did not
end up pressing those charges there's
just a lot of stuff that's separate from
that that they have sparred over so
there's you know he was like a foe of
Kevin McCarthy the former Speaker of the
House the former speaker of the house
and was and was behind um you know the
push to get him kicked out that left a
really bad taste in a lot of people's
mouths so there's just a there's no
Goodwill for him at all anywhere so even
if he didn't have the house ethics
report into the sex trafficking
allegation and all of that it would be
very hard for him to get confirmed well
Gates actually isn't the only
controversial pick that Trump has made
for the justice department Aaron he also
wants to put his own personal lawyers
there what would that mean for the
doj yeah I mean at this point it it's
been a long week as I'm sure Liz can
attest and you know some of the Gambit
from Trump right now seems to be I'm
just going to throw all these things at
you and see what you might object to and
certainly you know putting his personal
lawyers in high ranking positions at the
justice department is something that in
the past would have been very
controversial but that's kind of pretty
far down the ladder right now I mean
he's talking about people who
represented Trump in his criminal trials
Emil Bo and Todd blanch and also Dean
John sour who represented Trump in an
appeal to the appeals court and the
Supreme Court you know taking high
ranking positions in the Justice
Department as solicitor general it is
very evident that Trump is somebody who
values loyalty but having somebody who
has been so personally tied to you in
all of these positions of influence at
the justice department I think points in
a very concerted direction of trump kind
of treating the justice department as
his own personal thing and there is
supposed to be a dividing line between a
president and an independent justice
department at least when it comes to you
know trying to get the justice
department to do specific things for his
political agenda and it's just become
pretty clear that Donald Trump Trump has
very little respect for that traditional
dividing line and I think these
appointments certainly point in the
direction of him rethinking exactly how
the justice department is going to be
run in in this term I mean I wonder if
this is going to be putting Senate
Republicans in a situation where they're
going to have to pick their battles
because there's other picks right like
Peg Seth he's picked for defense
secretary he's he's a veteran but he's
mostly known as a Fox News host and then
there's Tulsi gabard as Director of
National intelligence gabard as we've
said used to be a democratic
congresswoman she's a US Army Reserve
officer but she lacks deep experience in
intelligence matters Liz is basically
the landscape here like Senate
Republicans they're they're trying to
figure out what are the things they can
stomach what can't they stomach yeah I
think they do feel Under Pressure to
give a lot of difference to Trump and
his picks and I think for me the
question is going to be what do they
care the most about protecting because I
don't think they feel like they have the
political Capital to say no to a lot
especially these high-profile ones right
to just tell the president of their own
party you can't have who you want
leading the Pentagon that's a big thing
to say in any year and I think you know
my experience with Senate Republicans is
they tend to care about National
Security more than anything else so that
would lead you to think like gabard is
going to be the hill they're going to
die on but the sense from actually like
talking to them and asking questions was
that that Gates was way more in trouble
than gabard I think a lot of what
they're saying is like let's let the
process play out let's do the committee
hearings let's do the FBI background
checks we do the the normal process and
we see what happens um there's no
anything to be gained really from saying
like I am already a no on Tulsi Gabbert
so I think some of it's just going to
have to play out and my question is is
Trump and his team even going to let
this proceed normally like that's that's
I right I think Liz brings up a really
good point on on you know foreign policy
being kind of the Sacred thing for these
Republican Senators if you look at
Trump's first term a lot of these were
kind of lower profile things that maybe
didn't get too many people's attention
but when Senate Republicans did stand up
to trump it was often on foreign policy
and so I do think that the the gabard
pick is one that is going to be probably
more contentious potentially Than People
realize like she's made a lot of very
sympathetic comments towards Russia you
know she at one point downplayed the
idea that Syrian president Bashar
al-assad who's been accused of war
crimes is really like an enemy of the
United States like she's she met with
him in 2017 in a meeting that's still
very controversial and so I think that's
one that they could potentially object
to because they are concerned about
somebody like that being in charge of
our national security our intelligence
services but you know certainly for now
at least the gates thing is the easier
one for them to speak up about because
this is somebody that a lot of them
don't like personally and somebody who
has such apparent personal baggage that
could become even more evident if we do
ultimately get a look at this house
Ethics Committee report yeah well okay
let us actually talk about the process
for these nominees to actually get the
job I mean Liz you already raised this
point like if Trump goes about the
normal process so the normal process
please correct me if I'm wrong but the
normal process is is they have to first
go through the Senate and that usually
means they go to a committee they're
voted out of the committee where there's
hearings and then the full Senate gets
to vote and anyone wanting that job
needs a majority of senators to vote for
them but Liz as I understand it Trump is
trying to bypass that normal process so
could you tell us what that could look
like Trump kind of put out a mysterious
social media post like right after he
won that basically said you know you
guys have got to confirm my picks really
quick or else I'm I'm going to do recess
appointments something like that so
everyone frantically starts like you
know trying to figure out what that
means because recet appointments used to
be a big thing in the Obama years when
Republicans were really slow walking
some of his pcks he made some recess
appointments one of them was disputed
went all the way to the Supreme Court
Supreme Court ended up saying you can't
bypass the Senate like this and just
install someone into a spot unless the
chambers are recessed for more than 10
days and so then in response to that the
Senate just set up the system where they
don't recess for more than 10 days they
have this kind of fake thing where
someone gabbles in every three days so
that a recess is never long enough to
allow a president to do a recess
appointment and both parties have kind
of agreed to this status quo because
they don't want that drama essentially
so Trump putting that back in the
spotlight it's kind of unclear if Senate
Republicans would say well this time
we're going to let you do that we want
you to be to do recess appointments so
we're we're going to shut ourselves down
for the 10 days necessary wait so
because Republicans are in control
they're the ones deciding for how long
they're going to be in recess or not
yeah so in theory Senate Republicans
could recess their chamber for 10 days
and let Trump do some of these
appointments is this something that they
would actually do so I take Trump
seriously that's my lesson of the last
10 years so I think they're serious
about it I think Senate Republicans are
also
hoping that if they show that they're
voting for almost all of his nominees
there's more than a thousand that have
to go through the Senate process so John
th has made clear the new leader he has
said we're going to be here every day
we're going to be processing these and
if Democrats slow this down if Democrats
obstruct then anything's on the table
including this recess appointment thing
but he's explicitly not said that if
there's a nominee that doesn't have 50
Republicans that's not a scenario where
he's going to let Trump you know go
around his chamber make the Senate
essentially irrelevant so I think even
though it's all kind of unspoken it's a
little bit of like a symbolic dance
right now I think Senate Republicans are
basically saying don't try to go around
us if you have a nominee that can't get
50
Republicans yeah I've been kind of
skeptical of this idea of recess
appointments from the start I think in
general the Senate doesn't like the idea
of turning over its prerogatives to the
president that just sets a precedent of
like the senator saying well we can't do
this and we'll just let you do this
thing that we're supposed to consent to
but you know at some point if there is
not support for one of these nominees or
they realize this is going to be an
arduous process it becomes kind of a
copout like you know Trump you're
responsible for this we're not going to
sign off on it that means we didn't
approve it you kind of own this and
we're going to avoid this very difficult
process that we would have otherwise
have to go through and I think
ultimately it's you know maybe unlikely
but that could be a little bit of a
fallback for these Republican Senators
if they really fear these processes kind
of going off the
rails well let's take a break right now
and when we come back Liz you're going
to tell us everything we need to know
about the new person in charge of the
senate for Republicans the new
Republican Majority Leader we'll be
right back
[Music]
hey I'm Leanne Caldwell I spend my days
talking to Senators house members White
House officials and campaign insiders
the people who actually make the
decisions in Washington well guess what
you can learn all the things I know in a
newsletter from The Washington Post
called the early brief you can get it at
wo. st/ early brief it'll come in your
inbox weekday at 600 a.m.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so as we know Trump needs the Senate to
get his agenda passed not even just to
prove his nominations legislation has to
go through the Senate and Republicans
hold a majority there with 53 seats so
let's talk about who the Senate
Republicans pick to be their new
majority leader and that is John th of
South Dakota Liz who is John th what do
we need to know about him yes so JN Thun
probably most important thing you need
to know about him is he was the number
two ranking Republican just already
under Mitch McConnell so he's the whip
he's the vote counter very much a
McConnell Ally I always wondered if it
mattered to Trump that he really looks
the part um he's kind of like tall and
handsome and sort of uh not really old
he kind of is older but he doesn't look
like I looked up his age and was like
whoa wait and how old is John th he's 63
yeah he's just like this kind of like
telegenic man who looks like a senator
or like a majority leader and we all
know like that does matter to Trump and
he has been critical of him in the past
especially after um January 6 and just
the con the idea of contesting the
election in general that was not
something Jon th went along with but
he's also not like one of the reasons
why John Corin another candidate who who
lost did not really get a lot of love
from Trump World either is like
sometimes he would in the mix on these
big bipartisan deals like the gun bill
that passed a few years ago and th isn't
really like that he's not really like
making deals with Democrats on things
he's collegial to Democrats and but he's
not a moderate I really wouldn't call
him like a moderate in that way so I
mean how does he get along with Trump or
uh you know did Trump support any of
these people who wanted the job so Trump
didn't support anyone which really
helped JN Thun because like the natural
Trump candidate was Rick Scott who had
all of the these big name endorsements
from Maga world like Tucker Carlson
Laura Trump Sean Hannity pretty much
everyone who endorsed from that world
endorse Rick Scott but Trump stayed out
of it and part of that is I think he
knew that Scott didn't really have the
support within the conference and was
probably going to lose he just didn't
have like the juice to become majority
leader and I don't think Trump wanted to
weigh in and then look like he picked a
loser so th pulled it out and I think
that was a little bit of a sign that the
Senate wants to stay independent but on
the other hand in order to win JN th was
telling all of his colleagues he was
100% with Trump he's going to work hand
in glove with him he's not going to push
back I'm not doing that drama with Trump
so he he did kind of set himself apart
from Mitch McConnell in order to win but
I think him winning is still a sign that
the Senate is the Senate it's not
completely transformed just because
Trump got a second term the relationship
between Trump and McConnell over the
years has contained multitude and
obviously it hasn't ended on a high you
know McConnell was very critical of
January 6th Trump wound up you know
calling his wife McConnell's wife a
racist nickname you know McConnell's
wife was born in Taiwan I believe and
also served in his administration yeah
she was Transportation secretary Ela
Chow was Trump's Transportation
secretary so like that relationship
clearly deteriorated over the years I
have a hard time believing that the the
relationship between th and Trump is
going to be all Sunshine and Lollipops
over the next few years like there are
going to be some clashes between the two
of them I think the real question is
whether you know Thun is is going to you
know do things the way McConnell did
which I think a lot of people assume he
will to some degree but maybe not as
much as Mitch McConnell did McConnell
was in that job for a long time became
very comfortable with guiding the Senate
was very effective at it and th has been
in leadership for a long time but you
can't kind of jump into the the top job
and necessarily be as good as Mitch
McConnell was right away and so I would
imagine that he is going to pick his
battles even more than Mitch McConnell
did at least initially well also at
least during the first part of Trump's
first term in 2016 he had a Republican
Senate to work with and there were a few
Republican Senators there seen as quote
moderating forces during that period So
Lisa marowski of Alaska Susan Collins of
Maine former Senators Bob Corker of
Tennessee Jeff Flake of Arizona so
marowski and Collins are still both
there in the Senate but many of those
who for instance supported impeachment
are gone do we think that marowski
Collins will play a similar role in
Trump's second term is there anyone else
Liz we should be paying attention to or
watching right now yes so marowski and
Collins do seem pretty much like they're
where they were they have not been
flinching this week from speaking out
against nominees that they're concerned
about Bill Cassidy is another one to
watch he also voted to convict and he's
still there I'm sorry he's from what
from Louisiana there's also a new
senator who got elected to replace
Romney uh John Curtis and no one really
knows much about him but he's got sort
of a reputation as a moderate so that's
someone who I'm going to be watching for
I think Utah doesn't face the same
pressures of like a primary necessarily
they're just less trumpy for whatever
reason as a state there's also like the
past week I've noticed that both John
Corin and Tom Tillis were very vocal
about wanting the process of you know a
Committee hearing an FBI background
check they seem like they're setting
themselves up as institutionalists that
are they're not going to come out and
take shots at these nominations just for
fun but they're signaling that they
would not be okay with any kind of
runarounds of the Senate power and I
think that's going to really matter
because Trump is signaling that he wants
to push the envelope on that and they
have both been pretty loud voices
against it even though they're both up
for reelection in two years yeah Liz had
most of my list but I'd add a couple
maybe um one is Mike rounds who's a
senator from South Dakota you know John
thun's colleague in South Dakota he's
shown some independence from Trump over
the years uh you know he was involved in
the bipartisan gun
legislation be kind of interesting to
see if like Mike BRS does the things
that JN th isn't able to do as the
leader of the Senate if they kind of
work together to send signals about
where Jon Thun is and then the last one
that I've is a senator I've been really
fascinated by in recent years is uh
Senator Todd Young from Indiana who you
know comes from a red State and seems to
have a pretty strong political brand in
that state and has seemed to be
increasingly comfortable distancing
himself from Trump he did not endorse
Donald Trump even in the 2024 general
election has been pretty skeptical of
some of these picks and I think if
you're looking for like you know they
need four Republican Senators to oppose
these things for them to fail marowski
and Collins are the obvious ones I think
somebody like Todd young is probably
next in line is the one you'd think
could be that third vote and then you'd
have to get a fourth to actually defeat
these things I also forgot to mention
Mitch McConnell who is ranking around
and he still there yeah he's gonna stay
so even though he's stepping down he's
going to be there next year and that's
someone where you have to ask is he is
he going to vote to confirm tulsey
gabard for example like he's made pretty
clear that National Security is going to
be his his main issue as just a rank and
file Senator next year so I think he's
also a wild card and we have to see um
kind of what stance he's he's taking
McConnell Unleashed that's what I was
not
expecting so okay you know we've talked
a lot about the nominations Senate
Republicans obviously are going to have
an opportunity to actually govern Aaron
I know you recently wrote about how some
Republicans are saying you know Congress
should just do whatever Trump wants tell
me about that yeah I've been really
struck by this recently you know a lot
of the commentary from these Republican
Senators about these cabinet nominations
is like well Donald Trump just won this
election and has a huge mandate so we
got to go along with what he wants and
there there is a certain amount of
deference that the Senate usually shows
for cabinet picks that's that's true
generally how it is you know we see
Lindsey Graham the Republican senator
from South Carolina generally votes for
Democratic cabinet nominees because he
thinks that they should show deference
to a duy elected president and who they
want to be surrounded with but we have
also seen and I've noticed this in
recent days a lot of Republican
lawmakers kind of taking that a step
further and saying basically that Donald
Trump should be able to run the entire
Congress you know and that sounds like
an oversimplification
but that is what they're saying we had
Congressman Troy Neils from Texas he
said there's no question he's a leader
of our party so now he's got a mission
statement his mission and his goals and
objectives whatever that is we need to
embrace it all of it every single word
if Donald Trump says jump 3 ft high and
scratch your head we all jump 3 ft high
and scratch our heads that's it is that
normal no it's not it's not it's not
normal um you Byron Donald who's a
congressman from Florida said you know
he's talking about these cabinet
appointments he said it's not for the
Senators to decide what they will want
to have happen it's the will of the
voters through Donald Trump Tommy
tuberville senator from Alabama said
president Trump and JD Vance are going
to be running the Senate these are duy
elected people who in some cases were
just elected to congress and won their
own races basically saying that Trump
should run the show and that they should
go along with whatever he wants and that
is something that is striking because
you know this the Senate and the house
are supposed to legislate they can go
along with the president's agenda but
they can also do their own things if
they feel they're important and there
seems to be this kind of momentum
towards the idea that well Donald Trump
won so we have to do whatever he wants
to do and I would also add a lot of the
justifications for giving Trump what he
wants on these cabinet picks is like
well Trump has this huge mandate like he
just won all these swing States yes but
Donald Trump is probably going to win
less than a majority of the popular vote
in a lot of these you know swing States
they voted for Donald Trump but they
also voted for a Democratic Senate
candidate like this is not a historic
mandate that we saw from the American
people in this election it's not out of
the ordinary the margin that he won by
and so the idea that these Republicans
are saying like well the American people
spoke and we have to do whatever he says
because he won by so much like he didn't
really win by that much and so I think
it's just been remarkable to see some of
this commentary from them yeah that's a
a good point I feel like the fact that
he could win the popular vote is almost
treated like some special mandate when
like every Democratic
president has won the popular vote in
the modern era it does feel like the bar
is maybe a little bit low well looking
ahead to next week I'm curious what you
guys will be paying attention to Liz
yeah so next week I definitely am going
to be interested in how Senators respond
to the RFK junor nomination uh because
we weren't able to get a lot of reaction
on that this week I also think um some
of the doj nominations filling out the
lower positions with personal lawyers uh
that's another big one that they haven't
really had to respond to yet Erin what
about you I'm really interested in if
we're ever going to see this house
Ethics Committee report about Matt Gates
it was due to be released on Friday you
know him resigning put you know a stop
to that for now and you know some of
these Republican Senators want to see
this report they want to know what
they're potentially voting to confirm
there could be some real battling
between the house and the Senate over
this it's just going to be really
interesting to see whatever Becomes of
that you know does it leak out uh is it
just transmitted to the Senate but not
released publicly those are all options
that seem to be on the
table well we'll have to leave it there
thank you guys so much thank you Liz for
joining us thanks for having me Liz
Goodwin covers Congress for the Post
even though we're through the election
we're still going to be publishing
episodes of The Campaign moment until
inauguration day which is January 20th
we're going to be covering all the
important news as the Trump
Administration prepares to assume power
once again so if you're tuning in via
post reports that means you can expect
to keep hearing these episodes most
Fridays we'll also continue publishing
extra episodes in the campaign moment
show feed itself so be sure to look that
up wherever you're listening and also
make sure that you are subscribing to my
news letter also called The Campaign
moment which will also be with us
through Inauguration Day on January 20th
and you can find a link to that in our
show notes and at
post-report today's episode was produced
and mixed by Ted malun it was edited by
Reena Flores Lucy Perkins and Mary Joe
Murphy our team also includes Maggie
Penman Monica Campbell Alana Gordon
Ariel plotnik Bishop San renie sanowski
savy Robinson Emma taloff Shan Carter
Peter brzn
Laura benoff Allison Michaels reita
jablonsky and Martin Powers I'm elah
isad and I'm Aaron Blake Aaron have a
great weekend you too
[Music]
El hi I'm Theo Meyer with the post I
spend my days in the halls of Congress
on K Street on the campaign Trail and on
the phone with sources you can read
everything I learn in the post Flagship
morning politics newsletter the early
brief sign up for the early brief at
wo.
st/ early brief in your inbox every
weekday morning
[Music]