if you're trying to understand the scope
of what happened on Election Day this
map is a good place to start more than
90% of America's counties shifted toward
Donald Trump you saw areas all across
the country from Battleground states to
urban areas to rural areas almost
uniformly shift to the right and embrace
Donald Trump that chose an electorate
that was rejecting the current
Administration and delivering a rebuke
to the Democratic party there were a lot
of signs of the democratic party's
unpopularity and Joe Biden's
unpopularity specifically for a long
time I was frankly fairly shocked when
the Democrats rallied around Biden in
the early stages of 2023 when a lot of
the evidence pointed to a country that
thought he was too old to ass serve a
second term and that he was unpopular
because of things like inflation and at
the time we basically heard the party
dismissed those concerns when it became
clear that a lot of Americans were
blaming the Biden Administration for the
rise in prices the reaction from the
president and the vice president was to
lecture folks out of their concerns to
tell them that economic indicators
showed a good economy thinking they
would move the sentiment rather than
acknowledge the sentiment and respond to
it and when you look at the results on
Tuesday you can see how that just didn't
work the lack of a primary also ended up
being a huge point of contention one
thing that happens in a primary is the
candidate is forced to articulate their
vision and relationship to other members
of their party and that forces a sense
of clarity that I think is helpful in
terms of getting to know a specific
candidate and not holding a primary
process Democrats did a couple things
they tied themselves to the status quo
in this Administration and even more so
than that they deprived themselves of
the ability to bring in new voices and
have them have an open debate about what
the party stands for on key issues like
the economy crime immigration abortion
rights these are all things that the
Democrats needed to have a new
conversation about I accept your
nomination to be president of the United
States of
America after the candidate switch there
was a big outpouring of support for KLA
Harris what she provided was a breath of
fresh air you saw that taper out after
the DNC and the time after and I
partially think that's because the
message coming from the candidate and
the campaign was not really one of
change they made a kind of intentional
choice to appeal to more moderate
Republicans and cast themselves as a
sort of continuation of the Biden
Administration not laying out their
differences on big issues that folks
have like the economy immigration or the
war in Gaza would you have done
something differently than President
Biden
during the past four
years there is not a thing that comes to
mind as we got closer and closer to
election day more more voters started
feeling like Harris was a representation
of the democratic party as it was and
not a new way forward as she had
promised to be it's also really clear
the Democrats have just lost touch with
certain portions of their base
particularly workingclass portions of
their base and that cuts across
different demographic groups I really
think this is an impact of an idea
that's had roots in the Democratic Party
All the Way dating back to to the Obama
era that the change in demographics in
the country the rise of black Latino
Asian Arab Americans would lead to an
electorate that was inherently more
liberal that assumption has been proven
false time and time again and I think
it's important to note that when
Democrats talk about democracy they
usually are only talking about the
things that Donald Trump does bad but
for a lot of folks they don't really
like how things are going right now so
because of that they were prioritizing a
desire for change over their fear of
trump I think that is kind of what this
map speaks to a Democratic party that
represented the status quo and the
country who frankly didn't want it