[Music]
College protesters have finally gone
home for the summer and they've left a
lasting mark on History their
legacy a destructive Trend in social
justice activism it goes far beyond
college campuses it's self-centered it's
manipulative and it's terrible for
America I call them luxury
beliefs I'm the rare PhD who grew up
carrying everything I owned and a trash
bag starting when I was three I lived in
10 foster homes before I joined the Air
Force then I went to Yale on the GI Bill
and on to Cambridge along the way I came
up with the term luxury beliefs their
ideas held by privileged people that
make them look good but actually harm
the marginalized it's like virtue
signaling with consequences defund the
police why should we defund the
police take defund the police classic
luxury belief
that cause was most supported by the
wealthiest Americans it was least
supported by poor Americans who are at
least twice as likely to be victims of
violent crime compared to the middle
class where I grew up we were lucky
there were police to call next up
decriminalizing drugs that's another
luxury belief all drugs should be
decriminalized I want to decriminalize
drug possession for personal use and
here's why should crystal meth be legal
the answer is yes that movement has been
most supported by well educated
Americans less so by those without a
college degree who are more likely to
experience the downsides of the drug
trade my mom once tied me to a chair
with a belt while she got high and it's
not just me since 2000 the number of
foster kids has doubled due to parental
drug use luxury beliefs are all over the
place get rid of the SAT 4 hours of my
life down the drain SAT scores help
underprivileged kids get into college
reject marriage I find marriage
completely pointless for poor kids one
of the strongest predictors of success
is having married parents as a kid I
would have done anything to have had two
stable
parents there are three golden rules of
luxury
[Music]
beliefs did you notice campus protesters
acting like refugees luxury beliefs help
many Elites feel like they deserve what
they have after all today's Progressive
activists are price is likely than
average to make over $100,000 a
[Music]
year why are you doing this to
[Music]
me by the looks of it you would think
these protesters were facing serious
consequences this morning police say at
least 45 Pro Palestinian protesters were
arrested at Yale University Police say
they were later released but the stakes
are pretty low when you're released with
no major penalties
[Music]
going to deliver right here to the right
how am I going to get through the part
that bothers me the most when the
privileged claim to fight for the
underdog but actually hurt them instead
remember when an A and his fellow
Vigilantes faced off with a janitor at
Colombia that was luxury beliefs in
action privileged men wrestling a blue
collar worker all in the name of the
marginalized it's just scary just
thinking that you're locked in with a
bunch of crazies of course not all
protesters are super privileged I
repeatedly said that my family has been
killed and that is why I'm here and as I
was saying that through the megaphone
police officer snatched the megaphone
out from my hand and threw it behind
them and it's great that people with
privilege care about Injustice but too
many of these people don't know what
they're protesting among these white
woke pampered children from wealthy
families there's a complete ignorance
about the complexities of this issue
luxury belief activists turn causes into
props that transfer attention to where
students really want it on themselves do
you want students to die of dehydration
and starvation this is like basic
humanitarian Aid we're asking for like
could people please have a glass of
[Music]
water here's what protests look like
without luxury
beliefs the protesters of the' 60s had
more skin in the game yet almost always
practice
[Music]
nonviolence sure no movement has been
perfect but today's students
oversimplify complex geopolitical issues
into narratives of good versus evil
while destroying property and harassing
people along the
way so how should they protest amplify
the stories of everyone except yourself
amp y the stories of victims and if
taking a stand means you don't get a
degree or a job don't protest the
consequences except them instead when
savior theater is done for the day
campus protesters have the best luxury
of all someone else cleaning up the mess
a quiet and mostly empty UCLA campus
except for cleanup Crews after the
pre-dawn Crackdown