you need to watch this video it shows
that Biden and Harris actually secured
the Border this is cber he's an
undocumented migrant trying to get into
the US he's literally at the border but
he's decided he's not going to cross
illegally instead he's just swinging in
a hammock telling other potential
migrants they shouldn't cross
either I mean it makes no sense he's
traveled thousands of miles to get here
why isn't he
Crossing it's because because Biden and
Harris pulled off what Trump could only
dream of they built an invisible border
wall Harris got ridiculed for this
interview 3 years ago I want you to
watch it closely do you have any plans
to visit the
Border I I'm here in Guatemala today I
at some point you know we've been to the
Border we've been to the Border you
haven't been to the Border I and I
haven't been into Europe and Ian I don't
I don't understand the point that you're
making at the time it seemed to make one
thing very clear the Biden Harris
Administration was in denial crisis at
the southern border crisis at the border
crisis at the southern border is there a
crisis at our Southern border Senator uh
there is a very sign that's a yes or no
question there's a very is there a
crisis I believe I've addressed that
question so you're refusing to answer
over and over Biden implied he just
didn't care about border enforcement as
long as America is the land of freedom
and opportunity people are going to try
to come here We Can't Stop people from
making the journey so it's no wonder
that Biden and Harris have gotten
hammered on immigration The Invasion at
our Southern border we will stop it and
we will stop it quickly four years ago I
handed this Administration the strongest
Border in American history but you can
see on the chart if you look at the
arrow in the bottom that's the lowest
level of illegal immigrants ever to come
into our country in recorded history
right there and that was my last weak in
[Music]
office look at this Giant mountain of
migration it's the highest level of
illegal immigration in decades how long
will we let this border Invasion
continue and it happened on Biden and
Harris's watch President Biden stop
ignoring the Border crisis what in the
world were they doing I wanted to find
out so I dug through the data read
Homeland Security memorandum comb
through migrant social media feeds
trolled through hours of speeches today
my Administration is taking several
steps to stiffen enforcement what I
discovered actually surprised me they
weren't ignoring the Border crisis at
all this Administration has conducted a
campaign to secure the Border since day
one despite sounding pro-immigration in
public increasing Pathways for legal
migration as well as protections for
refugees behind closed doors they were
fulfilling many conservative
aspirations I know that's hard to
believe they've taken a softer tone than
Trump and that did contribute to the
swell and migration I will seal the
Border I will stop The Invasion when
Trump talks it sounds like he's found
the Silver Bullet that's going to solve
all our
problems but getting stuff done in
government is often far less exciting it
involves fine-tuning lots of little
dials it's taken them some time and
trial and error but through many minor
modifications Biden and Harris have
transformed the Border it used to
indiscriminately allow millions in but
now it tightly controls who gets in you
attempt to cross into the United States
unlawfully you will not be allowed to
enter let's look at that Trump chart
again there's a couple things he got
wrong Trump didn't leave office in 2020
he left in 2021 the numbers were going
up while he was still
president he also conveniently left off
2024 Biden and Harris managed to get the
numbers to come back down critics call
this an election year flip-flop but I
found a steady drum beat of policies
that have gone largely unrest recognized
I'm going to break these down into the
three strategies they use to secure the
Border first a policy that was the
responsibility of one person in
particular this is America's borded
bordar forget she was the bordar no
citizen Bears more personal individual
responsibility than vice president
Harris it turns out that Harris has been
trying to tell us about this strategy
all along do you have any plans to visit
the Border
I I'm here in Guatemala today I at some
point I I'm here in Guatemala today why
was she in
Guatemala for Trump and his supporters
the problem and the solution is always
right here it's the epicenter of their
Obsession nothing else
exists Harris was down here she was
getting to know Guatemala's
president she later went here and here
and sent delegations here here and here
and here and here for her the problem is
at the border but the solution lies much
further south you see this region is a
major migration Corridor thousands made
their way first to Brazil then north
passing through multiple Central
American countries for migrants from all
over the world big increase in Chinese
migrant migrant from Haiti Indians
Africans Afghans ukrainians seeking asyl
with one destination thees of America
toward the US border America let me show
you this looks like through one migrant
story her name is Ena that's her
daughter Abby they fled from an
autocratic regime in Venezuela to
Colombia but seeking a better life they
continued
North through a dangerous jungle in
[Music]
Panama she posted videos on Tik Tok
becoming a guide for others
Ena became friends with klyber and they
traveled together videos like these
helped fuel the Giant mountain of
[Music]
migration her videos aren't what I'd
imagine from Desperate migrants crossing
a continent by foot she often made the
journey seem easy and even fun
[Music]
how could Biden and Harris convince all
these desperate countries to care about
a problem that mostly matters to the
[Music]
US they did something you probably
wouldn't
expect they threw a giant
party the 2022 Summit of the
Americas at the time it seemed like a
meaningless photo op leaders hobnobbed
issued a declaration that praised
migration increasing Pathways for legal
migration as well as protections for
refugees okay I read the Declaration and
here's the best way for me to explain
what it does remember when Trump said he
would get Mexico to pay for the wall
well with this declaration Biden and
Harris got Mexico and 19 other countries
to essentially build walls for them for
example Colombia Costa Rica and Ecuador
agreed to offer legal status to millions
of Venezuelans you see this declaration
does support migration as long as the
migrants are going somewhere mostly
other than the US make sure migrants can
find Opportunities to work so they don't
have to undertake the dangerous Journey
North that wasn't the only wall these
countries put up starting in 2022 the US
got Mexico Biz and Costa Rica to place
tighter restrictions on Venezuelan
migrants trying to fly into their
countries the result of that policy was
astonishing this chart shows that it
caused a huge drop in migration to the
US a minor policy tweak in another
country stemmed the flow of migrants to
America when migration surged in 2023
the US got Mexico to send troops to stop
migrants and again migration
plummeted let's take a look at that
Trump chart see right here that's when
the US got Mexico to start its Crackdown
and look at the impact it had on
migration to the
US this illust Ates Biden and Harris's
first strategy to secure the Border
delicate diplomacy it's a classic Joe
Biden move Foster relationship so others
will get the job done for him I'm
getting to like these people too
much and it all started in Guatemala it
is my firm belief that if we care about
what's happening at the border we better
care about the root causes and address
them and so that's what I'm doing okay
so we just talked about what they did
South of the Border now let's take a
look at the border you see despite all
of Biden and Harris's successful
diplomacy millions of migrants still
made it to the
Border like Ena and Abby they crossed
were briefly detained and then released
into the
[Music]
US the president's border policies have
allowed 8 million people to come into
our country illegally posting a flashing
sign come in
we're
open let me make this very clear even if
Trump had been president Ena and Abby
likely still would have made it in
because the Asylum system is so
overwhelmed it just lets many migrants
in by default before it can determine if
they qualify for Asylum imagine if you
were at the airport and it was so backed
up that they just let a bunch of people
skip security that's kind of like what
happens at the border Trump complained
about this same problem when he was
president here's the issue only Congress
has the power to fix the broken Asylum
system it shouldn't be called Biden's
open border it should be called
congresses unable to fix the system
Biden and Harris were forced to change
priorities they decided it was more
important to secure the Border than
protect the right to Asylum today I'm
announcing actions to Bar migrants who
cross our Southern border unlawfully
from receiving Asylum Biden's tone has
shifted dramatically this year he
finally sounds like he's taking the
crisis seriously President Biden's crack
down President Biden shut down Asylum
processing but behind the scenes he'd
already been shipping away at Asylum
long before that imposing restriction
after restriction on how when and which
migrants qualify for Asylum President
Biden is to deport large numbers of
migrants without processing their Asylum
claims information about these new
Asylum restrictions spread on social
media tens of thousand of potential
migrants saw that the Asylum door had
essentially been closed so they decided
not to come like
Jorge he's a Venezuelan migrant that was
headed for the us but when he heard
about the Asylum restrictions he decided
to turn around and head to Colombia to
start a life there instead Ena and aby's
friend cber tried to cross but was
detained and
deported let's take a look at that Trump
chart again after Biden imposed the
latest Asylum restrictions look at what
happened to migration it
plunged this is Biden and Harris's
second strategy for securing the Border
no the law they found a bunch of small
ways to restrict Asylum without
congress's help and these added up to a
major change to the overall Asylum
system it's still not fixed but it has
been transformed rather than default to
letting migrants in because it's broken
Now the default is to say sorry system
broken try again later
Biden and Harris have fulfilled a
republican dream Democratic lawmakers
blasted the new policies today's
executive order flies in the face of
basic morality a federal judge said that
Biden's policies actually look like
trumps had gotten together had a baby
and then DED it up in a stylish modern
outfit complete with a phone
app if I'm going to be honest a lot of
this makes me pretty uncomfortable I
mean listen to Biden he sounds like an
anti-migration conservative today I'm
announcing actions to bar migrants from
receiving Asylum the same goes for
Harris she backed the toughest border
control bill in decades fixing the
border is tough so is kamla Harris the
US economy needs migrants it seems like
Biden and Harris have betrayed our
economic moral and legal obligations in
order to secure the Border but the truth
is Biden and Harris did uphold American
values to prove it I need to show you
their third and most creative strategy
for securing the Border they let some
people in on purpose wait they let
migrants in on purpose this would seem
to contradict everything I've said so
far not quite Biden and Harris created
more legal Pathways stay where you are
and apply legally from there the idea is
to let a few migrants in Legally to
deter many more from Crossing illegally
you need a lawful sponsor in the United
States of America and you need to
undergo a rigorous background check Tik
Tok is now full of videos encouraging
migrants to come
legally conservative experts have
actually praised one of these programs
this report found that by letting some
migrants in through a legal door
hundreds of thousands of migrants don't
come in illegally look at this chart it
shows illegal Venezuelan migration the
program started and then illegal
Crossings
dropped the videos cber posted on Tik
Tok show this strategy in action after
being deported he quickly turned around
and headed back toward the us but when
he got to the Border he didn't
cross that's what makes Biden and
Harrison policies like an invisible
border wall they didn't have to
physically build a wall but they were
still able to keep migrants
out after a year of waiting in Mexico
kber was finally allowed into the
US these people waited in line and came
in Legally at airports not at random
spots on the border they've undergone
background checks they have family or a
sponsor in the US that can financially
support them
this is what it looks like to secure the
Border while upholding our
values Biden and Harris prioritize
National Security without compromising
American ideals Trump has never done
that greatest invasion in history is
taking place right here in our country
sending their murderers they're eating
the dogs they're eating the cats Trump
lacks The crucial skills that helped
Biden and Harris secure the Border but
what Trump does have is a clear message
The Invasion at our Southern border
messaging matters and I haven't been to
Europe in politics The Narrative that
takes hold is often more important than
what actually happened even though Biden
and Harris acted tough behind the scenes
it took them much too long to sound
tough in public and too long for the
results to show unfortunately that might
cost Harris the
election too late you're a liar
political stend their murderers