[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
it's a nice place you know it's not a
place where you've got men running it
you've got the you will go and see the
clients or you will go and do this or
you will go that
everybody is they they if they don't
want to see Cent they they don't have to
see a client you know nobody's forcing
anybody to go and do do anything and I
think the focus with with any man
running a place is um Financial if
somebody comes to the door you do you're
going to see them and that's when
there's that danger of the violence and
the pressure and the uh intimidation and
things and it gets nasty and does it it
is it shouldn't be ever acceptable that
that that somebody can take hiid
because that person felt like giving
them or do something that they don't
want to do you you know what I mean
obviously girls have got they they
they're different things on what they do
do in the rooms each woman is
different if if a woman doesn't want to
do
something she doesn't have to do it not
for money not for love not for nothing
you know that is her choice that is her
body
[Music]
I'm doing this it's difficult finding a
job it's hard and especially now say the
country at the moment is a nightmare and
this this pays obviously cash in hand
and it's so much easier I think it
doesn't matter what what you get even
uni students can they gone to UNI to do
a specific thing and then they come out
and it's impossible
[Music]
um as far as my mom was concerned me and
my sister was stupid we were sick we
didn't know anything so consequently my
gcss came back and they were rubbish
what she was trying to do was you're
stupid prove me
wrong but then she drummed it into us so
much that we believed
it so in the end I thought I'm
stupid and then then I end up in pubs
and then I'm
here it's crazy
[Music]
crazy when I was 18 I figured I thought
I'd just go out and make my own money
and I heard of escorting and I didn't
really knew what it entailed to be
honest I just thought it was going up
for meals casually I thought that was
escorting like escorting a man to a
dinner and things like that and then
obviously I realized that it
wasn't um but it was a bit too late to
back out then I didn't want to look
silly I thought it was quite easy really
and the money I was making I never would
have imagined it I just like the
lifestyle I mean I have a completely
regular life outside of of work I have a
boyfriend that doesn't know what I do a
family that doesn't know what I do
anymore they think I work in an office I
just learned to be a very good liar he
doesn't have a clue and um I wouldn't
ever want him to
I dress up in office where to come to
work do you know what I mean I'm pretty
good often I get home about 10 minutes
before he gets back from work and I can
just put the fire on and put the heating
on um like I've been home for longer
than I
have I find it hard to lie I feel guilty
for lying he doesn't nobody deserves for
anybody to be doing this behind
anybody's back and the lying is hard
because of this job I don't trust men
because it opens my eyes to what so many
of them are like and most of them are
happily married how can you do that to
someone at home how can you do that uh I
don't want to be in this forever
anyway um it's getting
tedious I was kind I was with a guy or
or I I was forced to work I was 50
and he was 21 I I met him in a party and
normal scenario you yeah you got you're
seeing this guy flattering nice caused
an argument with my mother you know it
was like my mom kicked me out okay you
can come and you can come and live in
Cardiff I was young I was young I was
naive I didn't I'd never known about
this in Street you know what I mean I
can remember my first Cent and I can
remember him walking on the street and
saying there's one and I was like B well
can you ask him and it was I it was on
the street and I can remember
thinking how have I come to this you
know where's my mom and then it it just
goes down from there before you know it
they've taken everything everything away
from you stripped everything little by
little they will strip everything your
confidence without them you're nothing
you know um you're frightened the only
person is him and that's it you've got
no nobody else and that's it you're
isolated from everybody everybody you
are with him you got a problem you speak
to him but it comes to a point where you
think what you you can't take no more
you know he took everything he took he
took my innocence he took everything
away
so and he's an to this
day when the think yeah you
know but I wouldn't let anybody drum me
down like that I would never ever ever
let it I wouldn't and I wouldn't
honestly I really wouldn't stand by and
let anybody do it to someone I knew
because there is ways out there is um
it's hard it's not easy it's
[Music]
hard some of them get mared
and their attitude of sex with a woman
make you wonder poor wife imagine I I
have to stay with you half hour but your
wife I'm not speaking like being an
animal like proper sex the rough of them
I understand if you have no wife come
here okay release No but some of them
are really in the head honest to
God I don't know all the world is going
like money sex money sex that's it but
no the money is like the owner they own
you you know it's like it's like it go
to Tesco when you buy that piece of
chicken it's yours you do what you want
you can put in garbage you can eat is up
to you the same for them they want for
that money to be respect some of them
they want to talk some of them they are
incapable to do nothing they just need
company
sometimes I find
myself listen to
them and I wonder who is most
lonely me or
them cuz I started over Corporation Road
when I just got a little flat um and
then obviously girls come to work and I
thought you know they say is no good um
and I wanted a garden for the good of
sunbath and then I just moved here and
it w nothing that I planned I hadn't
planned anything I I knew I couldn't go
out and get another
job because of of my record it was
something that has to be dragged up and
explained and you know you can't explain
then actually from 14 I was pimped I was
made to do it it's embarrassing you know
your experiences as well as negative as
a lot of them have been have have put
you in good stead to understand and know
exactly what you want and where you're
going yeah
[Music]